Why are Mom and Dad crying so sadly?
Because my mother is an emotional person
Even if all his relatives abandon him
He also didn't want to abandon any of his relatives
Is that kind of person okay?
Okay, if there is no mother
Dad may be today
Still a dear
Universal can go back if you want
Don't leave any regrets for yourself
But don't you like grandpa?
I admit I don't like the old man
Or rather, I don't like all the people in your Su family.
But no way
They are all your relatives
bullshit
Twice okay go
The bank's money has returned.
A whole billion.
Enough for you to help the Su family come back immediately
No matter what you decide
I will support you.
Brother Xiao has an accident
What's the matter? Zhang Family Baicaotang brought a large group of people
They all went to the ancestral villa
What if a herb seller goes there?
Oops, my brother may not know.
Zhangjia Baicaotang
Did some improper business behind his back
I'm afraid the Su family is going to be in big trouble